Update README.md (#18)
leukeleu/prettier-config: README.md

module.exports = require('@leukeleu/prettier-config')
```

> ## Add commands to package.json
> 
> Add the following the package.json:
> 
> ```js
>     "prettier": "prettier . --cache",
>     "lint:prettier": "npm run prettier -- --check",
>     "lintfix:prettier": "npm run prettier -- --write",
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add script commands to package.json

Add the following script commands to the `package.json`:

```js
"prettier": "prettier . --cache",
"lint:prettier": "npm run prettier -- --check",
"lintfix:prettier": "npm run prettier -- --write",
```

```
